Welcome to leverage to build wealth, where we discuss and educate entrepreneurs, mortgage, real estate and financial service professionals on how to leverage tools and other people's experience to truly leverage to build wealth to create the lifestyle and legacy you desire. Hello. Welcome to Leverage to build wealth. Today's special guest is Dennis Torres. He is an adjutant professor from Pepperdine University and the author as well. He's written quite a couple books and we're going to discuss that today. He's a well accomplished gentleman with a very creative and very interesting background that I find that many of my guests will really enjoy. And we're also going to be able to talk about some really good principles on how to leverage to build wealth. Thank you very much, Dennis, to our show. How are you doing today? Excellent. Thank you so much, Tom. Anyway, I'm excited to talk to your audience because I created one of the three courses that I, I taught at Pepperdine University in the full time MBA program, was actually the most sought after and popular course in the program called acquiring wealth, power, success, morally and ethically. And I'll tell you how that title came about in a little bit, except to say this for your audience, that in the book I talked about how even people who earn minimum wage can acquire financial independence. And under the wealth title here, that's the criteria, financial independence, which means that you can choose whether you want to continue working to earn income or do it part time or not at all. And I have many examples in the book of people who earned minimum wage their entire life and ended up with financial independence, some of them with the net worth in the millions of dollars. Wow. The formula is tried and true, and the basis of it, of course, is to live below your means instead of spending all your money to live below your means and invest some of it. Now, that may mean to many people earning minimum wage, you can only save $5 a week or $10 a week or $100 a month. And I'll tell you how you can do that. And then when you get enough money saved up to invest that money, when you invest money, the money is working for you 24/7 okay? And you reach a basis somewhere down the road where that can now support you and give you a certain amount of choice. It's tried and true. As I said, there's many examples in the book of how to do that, starting off. Now, these examples, these examples are real life examples that you've have, or are they just like case study examples? Like, you know. No, they're real life. Real life examples. Yeah. Wow. Real life examples, okay. And my students, of course, being in MBA programs, in the environment, the culture that we have in the US, they all wanted to get rich in two or three years and. And then travel the world and have fun. Okay? One of the things that I asked the class to do was to pick a day and. And not spend one penny for that day. I said, you can plan for it. You could put gas in your car, get food in your refrigerator, but if you forget, you know, then it's on you. But. But dedicate one day. We did not spend one cent. And the purpose of that was to let them know that actually you can live a day without going out and spending money. And then we also had them do one day where they wrote down everything they spent. The idea, again, is to make them aware of where they spent their money. Just simple things, too. And for instance, students very often would say to me, well, it's easy for you to say, professor, but I have 50,000 or 75,000 or $100,000 worth of student loan debt, okay? How can I save money? And I would say to them, well, you know, I can't help but observe that every day you come to class, you've got a Starbucks that is costing you six or $7. Actually, more than that, because that's after tax money. And if you take advantage of going to the student lounge and getting free coffee every day, you can put that six or $7 into the account. And ultimately, that would pay off your student debt by itself, thanks to compounding and thanks to high value money. Yeah. And they also observed what they would spend their money on. Netflix and all that stuff. Exactly. Things that they could live without. In fact, when I asked them not to spend for a day, they said, geez, we were going to go to a movie, but we decided to stay home because we committed to not spending the money. And we watched tv and it was so nice and the same. They'd say, well, we were going to go out to eat, but instead we cooked at home. And it was so much nicer. And they become aware of it. In fact, if you go to the supermarket now, any day you go there and you happen to observe people who made minimum wage or less than minimum wage, and you observe what they're buying, you can almost see they don't have the money consciousness, okay? They're buying without regard to discounts. They might be buying alcohol, tobacco, you know, other things that junk foods. So one of the things, too, that we investigated in class is I would ask them how many people use sense off coupons when they go buy groceries or anything that is on the coupon discount. And very few of the students ever did. They're usually too busy to deal with something like that. Yeah. Or there's a social stigma to that, you know? Yes, exactly. So I would say, what? What? Who do you think are the biggest users of cents off coupons? And it turns out that the wealthiest areas, people use the cents off coupons because they are aware of value for the money. In California, we have an area called Beverly Hills, which is a high end community, and they're, according to the Internet research, they were the highest users of cents off coupons. Really? They have money awareness. In fact, I won't name names, but there's a celebrity that almost most people would know of many generations that I happen to be very good friends with, and their net worth is in hundreds of millions of dollars. And they use. Sends off coupons in their shopping. Really? Yes, because they are money consciousness. And you have to develop a money consciousness. What am I getting for my money value exchange? Yeah. Okay. So it's not a surprise in my book, the course. I also have guest speakers in the course that come there, since you're leverage. And I have four guest speakers on the series on the class that we do on real estate. Very good. Which is a typically a leverage investment. One of the guest speakers buys only all cash for his property and does it with no leverage because he's just interested in getting the income, the income stream. So he buys single tenant commercial properties, standalone and. But he started using leverage. That's how he got the money for to buy all cash. Okay. And another one of the guest speakers, and I have them for as a panel in that particular class. Another one was somebody who had graduated pepperdine a few years earlier and had no money to start off. He took a salary job, and he lived below his means, saved up, and he managed to acquire one property where an owner financed it. He put it a little bit down, and then as the equity grew in it, he borrowed against that, got another property, did the same thing and the same thing, and within five years of being out of pepperdine, he owned four income producing properties, and he no longer had to work. He had the choice of, shall I continue or I should have, you know, just live off the income. Anything right there. That right there is the ultimate goal. I think, when you talk to most people into your original point, to have the choice whether or not you want to work, that's the biggest thing. It's not how many zeros are in your account, because that's all relative. And it's all like, you know, okay, what do those numbers represent? It's the. I think it's the. The real intent behind it is the power of choice versus being compelled to, you know, for whatever reasons you may, you know, dictate those are in your life, you know, to have to go to work. And so I think that's. That sounds like that's the ultimate premise, you know, of your. Of your thesis really is, hey, it's the ability to choose how you want to live your life versus it being forced upon you. Am I correct there? You are absolutely correct. And it works. I just want to read something. The students, over the years, I get messages from past students there. So here's one thing, and it's just to give you an idea, okay? He says, dear professor, thank you so much for your class. I took, many years ago, acquiring wealth, power, success, morally and ethically. Eight years later, I have paid off more than 185,000 in student loan debt, am now 100% debt free, and have increased my net worth by more than $1 million. Since then. The course built foundations and opened the door to my personal finance for me. Thank you so much. All right. That's awesome. I love hearing that kind of stories. And here's another one from the book. The book is written. I should say this, the book is written as fiction because I don't want to be sued. So I've changed names and locations, but essentially, it's in here. And when I say, don't want to get sued, it's from people who may not like the way you portray part. Read them or something. Yeah. So here's another one, and then I'll get into some of the other factors in the book. I have learned more about financial health, wealth management, and financial planning in this course than any finance or typical business class. Other classes taught me how to read an income statement, but this class taught me how to use my income to create wealth stability and ensure a successful future, which, I would have to argue, is just as important, if not even more so. Yes. Amen to that. That is wonderful. Those are incredible testimonials, you know, that says a lot to the quality of the work that you do, not just the content. And so that's. That's pretty. Pretty incredible. Are you still teaching right now? Are you retired? No. I retired after 30 years, and my motivation for retiring was I wanted to have more control over my time so that I can try and learn and do other things. So since I retired, I retired the end of May. That was my last day of 2017, and I've written four books since then in novel form. So give me a little background on this book. And here it is. Okay, this actually, this is a preview copy, even though the book's been out for a couple of years. I just grabbed a preview copy that I had, and it's called the course, subtitled acquiring wealth, power, success, morally and ethically. And how that came about was that I taught two other classes in the MBA program. One was called negotiation and resolution of business disputes, and the other one was global finance, where I took the students every year to the bank, banking institutions in New York, Goldman Sachs, Deutsche bank, and several others. And then we from there, we would go to Washington, DC, and go to the World bank, the IMF, and other like organizations. And the dean asked me to teach a course in ethics. And having never taught ethics, I wrote to other professors in different colleges and universities and asked them what syllabus they use and what books they use, et cetera. And then I also did some research. Well, I didn't like what I got back. Nothing that was wrong with it. It just didn't resonate with me. And in my research, it said, by the time a student reaches graduate school level, they know. They've been told what's right and what's wrong so many times that just regurgitating it was not going to be an effective thing. So I decided I would approach ethics from a standpoint of, instead of this is right and this is wrong, that every action that you make carries with it a consequence. Yes. Okay. Just like in physics, okay, for every action, there's a reaction type of thing. And. And I also knew that new classes, when you start a new class, it doesn't get into the catalog until you have a number of students that are taking it. Typically in the university, if you start a new class, you get two, three, and then the next year, the students get the word out, then you get five or six, and then by the time you get 30, it can get into the catalog. Well, my class, I figured I better do something that attracts students, and that is to put in wealth, because students want wealth. And that's how the title came about. Acquiring wealth, power, success, moral and ethically, something the students wanted to do. And of course, I wanted them to acquire wealth ethically, because if you don't, your life is never going to be good. Okay? Even if you. To be successful in life, you have to have. People have to trust you. They have to have faith in you. You have your, your reputation is everything. So even if you have to lose money on a deal, never compromise your reputation because you may not get it back. Yeah. Otherwise it becomes a house of cards and it will fall and you're never going to be happy anyway. That's the consequence of the choices that you make. Yes. Money cannot be your God. What has to be your God there is that you are going to follow your passions and do something that will benefit other people, not just you. Okay. No, that brings up a point. You know, this thought kind of resonates with me. It's ill gotten gains make you sick. Yes. You know, and it's a sickness of your mind. You know, it's a sickness of how you view others. You know, it's amazing. People who are takers, not contributors, not exchangers, but people who are takers tend to think that everyone's out to take them. They don't trust anybody. They can't have good, healthy relationships. They cannot have a healthy anything. And it's interesting, you know, people who have a, I don't want to say cliche, but a poisoned mind, it impacts everything else, impacts their physical health, their, their social well being. Everything about it is poisoned. And it's ironic because ill gotten gains, you know, I think, poison you. And so I really love that aspect of where you're talking about having a, not having the asset as necessarily the goal itself or, but what's your rudder? What's the strength? What's your core? And how does that dictate and help you navigate through your decisions? So please continue. I'm really liking this. It really resonates with me. Yeah. What you're saying here too, there's another analogy that I've heard on the same thing, that if all you see in life is money, you would go to the beautiful redwood forest here in California and you'd see these 3000 year old trees that are utterly amazing when you consider they were growing for 3000 years. Plus they're just beautiful anyway. And what you would see is, hmm, I could build 40 homes from one of those trees. Okay, so you're missing the whole point of the, of the spiritual value of that tree. By looking, everything is cashed in value. Okay? So you, you know, I'm a big advocate for people to follow their passions, something, you know, you have to be pragmatic too, and pay your bills. But if you, if you work at something that you're passionate about and you, and you can produce an income to pay, you can also save a part of that. For example, you say well, rent so high can't. Well, if your goal is to have financial independence, then maybe you're going to have to have a roommate for a while, or two roommates or three roommates until you build up a couple thousand dollars that you can invest. In fact, what I have, the students do, and I do for myself always throughout my life, always from the time I earned a nickel. I have two bank accounts, one that I pay my bills from and the other one is a linked high interest rate savings account. Okay. Like right now, I have my chase bank account that I pay everything from, and I have a high interest savings account with American Express because they've been paying 4.64.7% now for a couple of years. Okay. So even now that I have great financial independence, much more than I ever thought I would have. Okay. I still save every month, okay. But I acquired from the, I've been working since I'm ten years old. If you read anything about me, I've had over 40, over 64 jobs and careers in my lifetime. And for the benefit of your audience, one of those careers is I founded, owned and managed a real estate brokerage company in California with over 100 salespeople. So I bought plenty of real estate during that time on leverage. Okay. And a couple things on that is one, just don't go out and buy something. You really have to know the market. Yes. As I used to tell people, sometimes an apartment building, if you're going to buy an apartment building, one side of the street could be considerably more valuable than the other side of the street because they could be in two different school districts, for example. And one school district has a much higher rating. So just don't say, oh, you know, this apartment house sounds cheap or something. You have to know and do research on what you're buying. Yes. Okay. And as is outlined in my book, the one student had no money at all and he found it for sale by owner talked the woman who was going into a retirement home, leaving her long home, going into a retirement home, into selling with virtually nothing down and even leaving most of the furniture because she was going into a retirement home. And then he refinanced the building, paid, paid her off. Okay. And then continued to refinance and buy real estate. And then he bought duplex, converted it to a condominium. Okay. Was able to sell off each separately and down the road. He acquired a lot and it's starting off with no money. Okay, that's awesome. So if you follow your passion, there's an old saying I'm sure you've heard it, too, that if you do what you love, then you'll never work a day in your life. Yes. So you can become aware of that. And I think one of the problems that people have, too, in their life is they look and say, I have to be, I have to make millions of dollars, or today a billion dollars. No, you don't. Okay. Financial independence, the way I used it in the course, too, wealth was, if your income stopped today, how long could you maintain your lifestyle? Six months, a year, two years, five years? Many people who make hundreds of thousands of dollars a month could not sustain their lifestyle without that income for more than a month or two or three, or they'd be in trouble. And you don't have to have billions of dollars to have a wonderful financial security life where you can have a choice. And, in fact, if you had hundreds of millions of dollars, you'd probably have so many decisions and so many demands on your money and so many people coming after it and lawyers and accountants and everything else, that you'll have no time to sit and enjoy it. Yes. Yeah, that's really interesting. You know, it's, it's, uh, you know, Robert Kiyosaki talks about a lot. It's not how much money you make, it's how much you keep, you know, which is the premise of what you're talking about, you know, and, and understanding scalability, you know? And, you know, what you're talking about is really understanding your numbers, scalability, and being disciplined, you know, in getting away from the, keeping up with the Joneses. You know, it's like, hey, are you caring more about what others think you are? Your Persona, you know, your avatar that's out there on social media. Are you, do you care about that, or do you care about what really matters? You know, like, are you carrying, I mean, social media doesn't pay your bills, doesn't take care of you, doesn't, you know, anything? Social media causes more angst, I think. Really, if we were to really look at, you know, what are people's emotional triggers and how they can get triggered and absorbed into social media, you know, versus focusing on what matters, you know? And, and, you know, to your point of seeing your students in class, you know, some people doesn't even matter what's in that Starbucks cup for them. They want other people to see that they have that Starbucks cup, you know? Yeah, well, you're, you're right there. That's what motivated them to buy it in the first place. Yeah. Okay. And, and interesting enough, too. I used to watch them. They'd get the largest size, the vent, a whatever it is, and throw half of it away, and then a couple hours later, get another one. Okay. Very interesting. They're not even thinking about it. And here is free coffee there. Me? Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. Would get the free coffee always. Okay. You know, I am very fortunate that I acquired far more money and have far more money today to sustain a very comfortable lifestyle. I live at the beach in Malibu. Okay. I have. That says a lot, especially today's market. And my house is paid for. It's been paid for for almost two decades. Wow. And that, by the way, is I doubled up payments when I could. Okay. On the mortgage. I bought new cars. Over the years, I bought expensive cars. But one of my cars now looks, other than the design, but the paint and everything else looks like the day I got it. And it says it's starting its 26th year. Wow. Okay. I could buy ten of them and it wouldn't interfere at all with my lifestyle whatsoever. Okay. But a car is transportation. Yes. You know, that's one thing I've learned a lot from a lot of millionaire clients. I've had. I'm not a millionaire myself, but I've had a lot of millionaire clients. A lot of them drive just pickup trucks or Honda Accords. You know, they don't need. You know, they could have, like, their flashy cars if they want to. I remember, you know, going through, like, income statements with people and. And guys like, man, I go buy a Maybach if I want. But, like, why? I would rather buy some investment properties, which is why we were talking, you know? And he's like, I would rather buy something that makes me money. And the vehicle is just the vehicle. And for me, that was really thought provoking, because as a. At that time, I was a mortgage officer with quicken loans, which I love that career. But it was interesting that loan officers, after they got their first couple months of real big paychecks, they became what we call the $40,000 millionaires. They were quick to go to old Town Scottsdale. I was in Arizona, and everyone started getting bmws, you know, and all the pretty bmws with all the options. And then when they were get to management, then they jump ship to the Mercedes. But the clients who had the money, who were talking to, they would drive up into with the Honda Accord or just the pickup truck that come in with jeans. And here you got these $40,000 millionaires. Now they're making a whole lot more than 40,000 but we call it $40,000. Millionaires with a really nice press suit and all that. But the ones who really had the money, who were really making the major decisions, were the ones were coming in with the t shirt and jeans. And that, for me, taught me a whole lot more in a very important time of my life. And so I like what you pointed out there. It's not the flashy bet music videos where you see everyone with all of these, you know, flashy cars, because that's often comes with a whole lot of other stresses. And so that's pretty. Yeah, the, you know, wrong with that stuff. I'm just, you know, the context you put out there, I think, is really important. My commute to Pepperdine from my home was 7 miles there and 7 miles back each day. So if I was going to go out and spend 50 or $100,000 on a car, how long would I have to work for the car instead of for myself? And another thing people that don't have the money consciousness don't realize is if you go out and spend 50,000 for a car or 40 or 30, it doesn't make any difference. You're not really spending 30, 40, or 50,000. You're spending a lot more because that's after tax money. Okay? So you have to work a lot more. And if they financed it. Exactly. And if you finance it, even more. So. In fact, that was one question. It's in the book, too, that I used to ask the students, what's worth more, a penny earned or a penny saved? Okay. And then, of course, they asked, you know, what's. What's the point of that question there? You know, what does it mean? And they couldn't figure out the answer. And I say, it's a penny saved because that penny is after tax, where the penny earned is not a penny. Yeah, you got to pay tax that. Okay. And I wanted to get that consciousness into them and. And the other things that are in the books to bring money consciousness to the students in one of the classes, I used to say, when you come back from your break, we're going to talk about, I'm going to introduce you to the greatest salesman of all time. And they wonder, who is that person? And then I would give them the initials there. And now I have to think of the first name on there and. Oh, yeah, cr. I would say cr. So everybody can. Who's cr? Who's cr? So when we come back from the break, I would put the man's name on the whiteboard and that's Cecil Rhodes. I say, anybody here Cecil Rhodes, the greatest salesman all. No. Nobody ever heard of him. I said, I think if I tell you the name of his company, you'll know what I'm talking about. I said, the name of his company is de Beers. Everybody said, oh, yeah, I know de Beers, the Diamond company, okay? And of course, Cecil Rhodes. The Rhodes scholars named after him the country of Rhodesia in Africa, which is now Zimbabwe, I believe, but it was named after him. But I called Cecil Rhodes the greatest salesman ever because he took a worthless product that was not even scarce. And he got everybody, almost everybody in every country in the world, their consciousness, say, I got to have it. In fact, I would ask the people in the students there, how many people here think you need a diamond in order to get married? Okay? And they would. Even when they realized there was zero value, there's an industrial value, but it's very, very little and the diamonds are not rare. What Cecil Rhodes did is they had a lot of diamonds in Rhodesia, okay? And he could just corner the market on it. Okay. By cornering the market, then the next step he did was convince people they had to have it. Marketing. And he controlled the market. In fact, I would tell the students, too. He even tells you how much you have to spend for it. You've seen the ads on tv. And of course, at that time, I don't know if they're still running them, but they would tell you, you have to spend three months worth of salary is the price that you have to pay. Whatever you make in three months is what you have to pay for the diamond ring that you're going to give your fiance. Yeah. Who says that? Right? And people buy this, okay? And it's. So half of my students are always foreign nationals. Okay? So we had roughly some years, some semesters, it would be 45, 55, whatever, but roughly half. And the foreign nationals came from China and Saudi Arabia and Europe and Asia and all this Africa. And the importance of that is they came from different cultures and they were able to share their cultures. But when it came to diamond engagement rings, it was universal. That showed how powerful the beers was in creating that have to have. And even after the girls found out they were worthless in the class, they said they have to have it. And here's how powerful that was, too. That their friends and their family would value their boyfriend or potential husband by how much, how big or how much that diamond was. Yeah. Unfortunate, actually, because you look at how many disqualify because of a rock, you know, yeah, you'd be the greatest guy in the world. But if he gives you a little thing, your girlfriends are going to criticize him or whether openly or to themselves. And the same with even your family and your parents. That's how powerful Cecil Rhodes was. And the importance of that too is that how we spend our money and how we live our lives are so influenced by advertising and media. Okay, we have to get the new car. We have to get that car. We have to get this, and we have to get that dress and this. Okay. That we are now on a treadmill. Instead of gaining financial independence, we're now on a treadmill trying to satisfy a craving that somebody planted in us. Okay, I really want to feed on this thought real quick. Sure. Because you're talking about consumerism. Yes. And right now, as a matter of fact, I was in a meeting earlier today. We're talking about credit card debt and the market right now. The market is horrible. We just had this recent inflation report, so it's gone up again. We're expecting it to go down. It's been really catastrophic in the mortgage industry. We've past week has been atrocious for our clients. But it's just a symptom of an overall bigger problem on the inflation is because there's so many people still purchasing. That's why we're having these problems, these inflation reports, because people are still keeping up with the Joneses. They still want to buy stuff. We'll say stuff, you know, for appearances. And they're putting it on their credit card debt. Credit card debt is all time high. He's close to $14 trillion in credit card debt. It's the worst ever in recorded history. But people aren't dialing back stuff. Now, I don't doubt that a lot of it is for goods and services that they need because the income differences with the inflation. I understand. You know, when you understand, hey, the inflation aspect, their income hasn't done. And so they can. They've been subsidizing with credit. But how much of you look at the credit card reports? Are you seeing entertainment and useless expenses? Because they're in, as you're talking about that cycle of caring about consuming versus what they need, what they really want. Not again, take away the social appearances of stuff and worry about building opportunities for wealth, which is where I'm really passionate about helping people. Because it's not that I want to say don't give a hockey puck about what other people think, but the same time, don't give a hockey puck what other people think like, they're not going to take care of your family. You know, focus on your priorities, your morals, your compass, focus on your priorities. And then that's how you can truly build wealth, because otherwise you're just buying stuff. And if you don't know how to leverage it, like you're talking about that student, you know, getting the largest cup, showing everyone they got Starbucks, they drink half of it. Like, what you just wasted, you know, and so it's like, don't get me wrong, it's your right to waste it, but then you're gonna go buy another one. So it's like, so you're not really thinking smart. And I like how you talked about money consciousness aspect. It's like, okay, why? Why are we doing what we're doing? And I want, it sounds like from, from hearing what you're talking about and from our conversation before we started recording is understanding why we do things is crucial in anyone's financial strategy. You got to know why and what you're doing it for. If a dollar comes in your life, that dollar is an employee of yours. Or I like to use because you're a veteran as well. I'm in a veteran. I look at it as a soldier. I want that soldier to go to war and bring back more. You know, I want it to slay interest and I want to bring back others. You know, I want it to grow. I want it to, you know, I don't want it to just to go to slaughter. You know, you can look at as an employee, it's going to work for you. You don't want it to just be an expense. You want it to gain for you. But so many people just look at as, I got to get rid of it. It came in, I got to get rid of. It was a, you know, a hot potato or something. Yes, pork mine type of thing. Get rid of it. And in fact, I like to say, I don't know if I've said it already there, but money worked twenty four seven and never complained. Okay, so it's a good employee, as you say, there. And you have to develop that, you know, that money consciousness. And money is that tool to buy you the financial freedom. You make sacrifices in the beginning, but they're not really sacrifices because they're stepping stones to get you to the goal of financial freedom that you want. So you can't even look at it as a sacrifice because it's getting you where you want to go. It doesn't take that long. A small investment here and there again, there's many examples in the book, actual examples, of people who earned their entire life minimum wage and ended up with millions of dollars. Okay? It's a tried and true formula. Now, anything can happen. Anything can happen. Catastrophic. So these things are guaranteed minus a catastrophic event, like an illness that is uncovered that you don't have a dime for, or your house is destroyed and you didn't have any insurance, those things could happen. But you don't necessarily have your plan for financial independence based on catastrophic things. And that's where you can get insurance, which is a leverage tool. So you can do that without the worry, because you're paying pennies for something to the side in case something does come down the road. So you don't stress about it. You can live your life versus being paranoid for what's around the corner. Yes. So I started in. When I was in real estate, I started. One thing I found, by the way, when I started as a real estate broker years ago, was that when I would make a commission of tens of thousands of dollars, it was actually much more powerful than getting that exact same money doled out in a weekly check. Okay? Yes, I had to pay my expenses and everything once I got the lump sum commission, but the power in that was that I could actually take that and buy something with it. In other words, if I needed 10,000 for a down, it was easier to take 10,000 out of the $40,000 commission than it was, you know, saving it up from a little at a time, from a weekly paycheck. But that's not to diminish a weekly check. I worked for pepper nine for 30 years, and I got a. I got a. I don't know, we paid, I think, monthly or twice a month. I can't remember now, but I did the same thing there. I had the money direct deposited into my account, and I had it. My account, uh, always automatically sending money to that linked account, in this case, uh, American Express. And I was always looking for, um, accounts that paid more interest than others. Yeah. Okay. And then I would move money around. Yes, it takes your time there, but you're making a lot of money. You know, just the past couple of years, with interest rates, uh, uh, being so high, my accounts, my linked accounts are making lots and lots of money at no risk, because all my accounts are tapped off at 250,000 for the FDIC insurance. And some people say I don't have time to do that. Well, that's okay. But you should realize if you're looking for financial independence, independence you have to pay attention to these things. Well, that's awesome, you know? You know, that sets us up, you know, where you and I can have a conversation on the side later, you know, about some really cool things. Also with no risk that are up to double digit returns. You know, I was risk. Yeah. Some of my jobs. My first job I got when I was ten years old was polishing furniture in a used furniture store, okay? So I was able to save a few pennies. By the time I was 17, I had worked in several different jobs, sometimes multiple jobs, even at Pepperdine. Even though I was one of the higher paid employees at Pepperdine, I had three other jobs at the same time. Because I'm interested in things, I enjoy work, and I was learning things, okay? I was a mediator and arbitrator for litigated cases while I was working for Pepperdine. And I was able to do that because I was so successful, pepperdine for them, that my performance was based on what value I brought to the university rather than what time, how much time I spent in the office. Smart. In fact, that's one of the things I tell my students. And I say, you know, I'm looking around the room over here. You all think you're going to go out there and make a billion dollars in three years. That's what your mindset is. But I said, very few of you are going to be the go to person. And if you want to be very successfully financially, you want to be the go to person. The go to person is the one there that your boss or your company is going to say, once you say, I'll do it, okay, and you don't have to think about it anymore, you will become that, that most important. You'll be the last one to let go if there's ever a downsizing because you are bringing in the money. And also, they know when you say, I'll take care of it, they don't ever have to give it another thought. And when you say, I'll take care of it, if it's supposed to be done in five minutes or ten minutes or three days, you make sure it's done in that, because now they'll know you are reliable. And then when you say, I will do it, I'll take care of it, the boss knows I never had to give it another thought. That person is not going to be let go. Okay? Yeah. You know, I really like that because, and you can't get to that position without trust, without loyalty, without delivering on the, on your word. And, and that goes back to your original premise, you know, and also the ethics and morals of that and in also knowing, hey, where your boundaries are, you know, and because some people have no boundaries when it comes to trying to acquire wealth, you know, but when you establish your boundaries. Excuse me, you know, you make that reputation for yourself, and so I really like that. Well, you know, we're coming to the end. Dennis, it's been a tremendous pleasure. Please have the final word on anything that you want to share as parting guidance. And then after that, please tell us how our audience can reach you, how to get your book, and just finish it out for us. Okay, well, thank you for that opportunity to plug the book. If you just type in on the. On Google or any of your search engines, uh, the course by Dennis Torres, you'll find, you know, that it's available everywhere. Amazon, of course, is the easiest and natural one, but it's available in. In Barnes and Noble, Walmart, the eBay, anything. It was just type in the course by Dennis Torres and minus the. The thing. This was a galley copy from a long time ago, and that's basically what it looks like in that, too. Very quickly in that, too. I also talk about a way that you can give each of your children a million dollars each and never cost you $0.01. So that will be a teaser, and it's absolutely a foolproof way. And more important than the money, it teaches your children about money. Okay. Love that. So you can. You can contact me. I'll be happy to give you my email address, but please, I get a couple hundred emails a day, so if I don't answer you right away, you'll understand. And my email address is dennis with two n's. Torres, t o r r e s. Malibu, which is the city where I live@gmail.com. Dennis Torres, Malibu. Dennis Torres, malibu. All one word@gmail.com. You know, Dennis, it has been a pleasure. You are a new friend of mine, and I appreciate this. This is a wonderful. You know, I really enjoyed today's episode, and I'm looking forward towards talking with you some more on the side, you know. Okay, same here. I'm really. I'm really curious. Thank you for watching and listening in to today's episode. Please, like, share and subscribe so we can strengthen our mission and get the message out to others on how to leverage to build wealth. Who's next?