You ready? Show time on May 3. Summer starts with the fall guy. Let's do it later. Let's drink a spicy margarita. Make some bad decisions. Yes. Audiences are falling in love with the most entertaining film of the year. Fall guy. Fall guy. Fall guy. That's what the poster said. See Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt in the movie critics say exist to make you happy. Trying to make out? No. Cause I don't either. It's not what I'm into right now. What are you into? Talking. Yeah. The fall guy. Only in theaters May 3. Rated pg 13. Pardon the interruption, but I'm Mike Wilbah. And Tony, we've arrived at one of my favorite times in the sports calendar, NFL combine week. Tony Kornheiser, have you no shame? None. Yeah. You did this last year when the Bears had the number one pick until they traded the number one pick. People see through you. No, they don't. People know. I know all the quarterbacks. I know all the left tackles. I know all the receivers. I'm ready. I got height, weight, verticality. I got it all. And I know you hate the combine. You hate it and loathe it. You do. Welcome to PTI, boys and girls. In today's episode, Bryce Harper's contract, Kyler Murray's future, and Candice Parker joins us for five good minutes. But we begin today with Monty Williams, furious. After last night's game, Williams Pistons did not get a call with 8.5 seconds left when the Knicks Dante Devicenzo barreled into Detroit's Assar Thompson. Williams called it the worst call of the year. Let's listen. The absolute worst call of the season. No call. And enough's enough. We've done it the right way. We've called the league. We've sent in clips. We're sick of hearing the same stuff over and over again. We had a chance to win the game and the guy dove into a sar's legs and there was a no call. That's an abomination. You cannot miss that in an NBA game, period. And I got nothing else to say. We want a fair game, and that was not fair. I'm done, Wilmot. The Knicks won this game because of that no call. Do Williams and the Pistons have reasons to be as upset as they are? Yes. Even more upset? Yes. It's a foul. You can't miss that call in the NBA game. Check. It was an abomination. Check. It was. It looked like it was. The whole thing was unfair. Check. And let me add something, Tony, which, which makes me angry, and you're going to roll your eyes. Cause I'm about to go I 95 on you. Why is this game got to be in New York? Why does it got to be in Madison Square Garden? They could have put this game in Detroit. They wouldn't have done that to the Celtics or the Heat or the Lakers. They would have figured out maybe how to put that game there. But they put it in Madison Square Garden because that's where they won. So the thing was stacked against the Pistons. They did that because of the in season. I know why they did it, but it could have gone the other way. They did it. Well, it was arbitrary, Tony. It was. I knew you were going to roll your eyes, but you don't want to hear it. I feel that way. All right. As a guy who's at least a cousin of Detroit, I feel that way. And this foul call, I mean, it's not even hard. You don't need replay to see that. And I'm not a bash the officials guy. I'm not. Too many of them are too good. Their jobs are too hard. They're honest people. I know a great many of them. I am not into bashing officials. That call was an abomination. I'm entirely with Monty. Entirely. Okay? So I'm going to look at the great scoreboard in the sky, and I'm going to say that the Knicks are now even a couple of weeks ago, they lost a game when a foul was called on Jalen Brunson late in the game, and they lost to Houston. And later, the officiating crew admitted that they blew that call. So the Knicks protested. I'm not aware that anything has happened when this protest, it seems to be tabled somewhere, right? The Knicks lost that game. They, because they lost that game because of a bad call. They won this game because of no call. So I think they're even. Monty Williams has a right to be terribly upset. Sure he does, because that's a foul. There's no question that that's a foul and that's why they lose the game. But I don't even think he should protest because it seems to me the NBA has a policy on protest where they get him and they drop him in the circular file. Now, Detroit's gotten hosed a lot lately. They have to know that this is just last week going to cost Monty Williams about 50 grand. But the other night, the losing teams have this happen to them. The other night, the referees allowed Paulo Banquero to take 18 steps before he hit a jump to win the game. It happens. Yeah, if you're Monty. You got to do this, Tony. You got to show your team and your fan base you'll stand up for them. So that's why you protest. You have to go the full letter of the law. But come on now. I'm glad they admitted. I don't know what more you think. Let's move to baseball, where Jake Mintz of Yahoo writes, bryce Harper, your boy is pining for an extension. My former boy. Your formerly the 31 year old Harper has eight years left on his 13 year, $330 million deal with the Phillies and no opt outs. He agreed to that? Harper had an OPS of 900 last year, but his salary of 25 million currently puts him 29th in baseball salary. Tony, should the Phillies even be open to negotiating an extension for Bryce Harper? Only if they want Bryce Harper to be happy. Only if they are afraid he will pout and he will go in the tank if they don't do this. So everything has to be on the table for the total James Harper. They have to consider that if they don't do this, they may have to trade Bryce Harper. Look, let's understand what's going on here. The Phillies have no obligation to do this. They gave Harper what seemed like a great deal at the time. It was the most money in baseball ever, $330 million over 13 years. Harper wanted the record and he got it. And Harper said, I don't have to have any opt outs. So that that's the position that they're in now. But Harper has also performed in a great manner for the Phillies. And if he's looking for more money at this point, you have to consider, if you are the Phillies, how important is he to work slope, and he's your most important player. And how important is it that we keep him happy? Slip free slope. Tony, if you do this, there's going to be anytime somebody outperforms his salary, they're going to want an extension to renegotiate, which can't happen in every sport like the NBA. You don't get extensions like that. Not quite like that. Tony, remember when this happened with Rickey Henderson when you and I were covering baseball and Rickey signed for like $3 million in November, and by the time we got to spring training, he was like 20th in salary. And he says, ricky wants a new deal. So Bryce Harper is not the first dude to do this. And he's in Philadelphia. My God, we just saw James Harden force his way out. Just, I don't want to be here. I got a contract. I don't care. And don't think that a guy like Bryce Harper's not paying attention to the other leagues, because he is. But I wouldn't do it if I was the Phillies. Bryce Harper was. I mean, he's had one great season in Philly. He's had multiple seasons where he's played up to the contract. One great season. Mike. Mike. He's a 29th highest paid player in baseball. Now, of the 28 who are above him, only Mike Trout has more. MVP. I'm going to spend somebody else's money now, and it's easy for me to do, but I would consider doing this. I'd consider keeping the faith because he's that important to that team in that city. Unless you're willing to deal him. Let's move. We come now to your Arizona Cardinals. Out of the blue. They posted a bunch of pictures of Kyler Murray yesterday on social media and they titled the spread our franchise QB. It was accompanied by no news was just pictures. Years ago, the Cardinals did this with Josh Rosen and then traded him within months after using the overall number one pick to draft Murray. So I ask you, Wilbur, because you're an Arizona guy, are they committing to Murray or are they dangling him? I'm not about to spend 1 second of my valuable time trying to read the tea leaves on the Arizona Cardinals. Are you crazy? There's no point to that. That franchise. I'm not talking about just current management, so I don't want to get any text messages. But Tony, historically that franchise doesn't know what they're doing from one month to the next, much less five seasons ago. Are you crazy? There's no point that there's been no evidence that that franchise on a continuum is smart enough, clever enough to do what you're suggesting, that they're going to sort of circle back and run a misdirection. What? It's the Cardinals, man. Can they just field a successful team? They're challenged to do that, not play these mind games you're suggesting. Yeah. So I have absolutely no reason to care about this one way or the other. The Arizona Cardinals and Kyler Murray. I have no skin in this game. Right? But this is so weird to me, Mike, that it does seem to me that they're dangling him, it seems to me, in fishing, like they're casting their line into the water to see who will bite. Will somebody give them a number one draft choice for Kyler Murray? Will somebody take his contract away because they might think it's an onerous contract? Now, maybe they could get teams at the second and third spot, who I believe may be Washington, New England. Maybe they're not. Yeah, maybe they're not convinced that Drake Mayor Jaden Daniels is better than Kyler Murray. So maybe the Cardinals could do that. I agree with you that this is a lost franchise. They promote their hires, how great they are. Cliff King's very greatest coach of all time. Con mary greatest quarterback. And then in 2 hours, they're looking to get rid of. They don't appear to have a guiding light there. They just don't. Let's take a break. Marvin Harrison coming up. What should we expect when Draymond Green faces Jordan Poole tonight? We're going to ask Candace Parker, and we're also going to ask her what she would do if she was in Caitlyn Clark's shoes. Stay in school? Jump to the WNBA. Didn't your nationals win a championship after getting rid of Bryce Harper? Didn't they? Yes, yes, yes. I'm just saying that he kept. He got Trey Turner there. He kept Kyle swarber. He's important, Mike. Vivid Seats wants to get you to the games you love this spring. Experience every pitch, assist, and game winning shot live and in person. And the best part, each transaction is a step toward a free 11th ticket with vivid seats rewards score, unbeatable perks like free tickets, surprise seat upgrades, and annual birthday deals. As the official ticketing partner of ESPN, Vivid Seats is offering you $20 off your first dollar 200 ticket purchase with code PTI. That's code PTI. Visit vividseats.com or download the app today. Vivid seats experience it live. PTI fans, listen up. Have you heard? You can listen to episodes of this very show ad free on Amazon Music included with your prime membership. That's right, all your favorite PTI episodes can be heard on Amazon Music ad free. But that's not all. You can listen to other top podcasts like the low post and first take ad free as well. They also have your favorite shows, like the daily part of my take and upfront first, all without ads. You know what this means? Uninterrupted listening. So no more cliffhangers. Amazon Music offers the most ad free top podcasts, so we know they definitely have something for you, and it's already included in your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to Amazon.com pTi. That's Amazon.com PTI to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Today's guest has a decent resume. Three WNBA titles, two league MVP's, two NCAA championships, two Olympic gold medals, and her side hustle analyst for Turner sports, it's Candace Parker. Yeah, I'm gonna go to my glasses so that I can read the first question. Let's start with the NBA. The Warriors get Chris Paul back tonight. I'm sure they're in Washington because Wilbur is going. Plus, Draymond Green faces Jordan Pool for the first time. Do you expect any chippiness between them, or do you think that this is in the past? Listen, I think. I think it's in the past, but, I mean, anytime you put Chris Paul back on the floor with Draymond Green, I mean, there's potential for a little chippiness. But listen, the warriors are in okay position, and I look for them to make a push towards this end of the year. The Wizards. Sorry. Sorry, Mike. Not so much. No, not so much at all. They're terrible. No. We're going to see a golden state. Wait. Since we can ask Candace anything, we will. And we're going to move to women's college hoops for a second. Caitlin Clark, as you know, has a chance to stay at Iowa or go to the NBA, and nil affects that, which was not the case when you left Tennessee one year early. So, Candace, as you look at this now, as an observer, what do you think you would tell Caitlin Clark about whether to stay or whether to go? Listen, it's a completely different landscape from when I was in college. I was poor and eating, you know, you know, Papa John's before. Before pregame and all that. So I went because of the potential and my value and the ability to make money. I think it's a different landscape now. I don't know. And I would be. I would be remiss if I didn't ask this question. Could she potentially make the same amount or more if she stays at Iowa? And I think that's the question of whether she wants to be challenged on the court, because I know as a competitor, you always want to challenge yourself against the best, which is in the WNBA. But in terms of being taken care of, being loved, we've already seen that, and why not milk that for another year? All right. We'll be remiss if we have you and not ask you about court storming, which has become the topic du jour. I'm betting you were on the court a couple of times when people stormed and you were in that. Should it be banned? How did you feel when it happened to you? What do you think? I do believe there should be things in order to allow the visiting team to get off the court. I know we, as a team at Tennessee, when we knew we were gonna lose, um, you know, the couple times we lie. No, I'm just playing. Uh, you know, the. Our coaches got our. Got us up the court. So I do believe that the visiting team should have a chance to get off the court. Um, so whether there's putting more security to kind of prevent and delay. But listen, court storming is a part of just the legacy and the history of basketball. So I would like to see it continue, but obviously, when people start getting injured, those are things that have to be addressed. So I would like to see it continue, but in a safe manner, I guess, if that's answering your question, tough to make it safe. I mean, when you see those people coming onto the court running at about 80 miles an hour, like cheating. Yeah, it's very tough to make it say, we will get you out of here on this. My own observation is that you sit here and you talk about all of these things happening in the world of basketball, and people forget you're still a player. You're actually still playing. It's not from above, it's from within. That's remarkable to me. So, I'll ask you about your career and what's going on now. You recently re signed with the back to back WNBA champions Las Vegas Aces. You took below market money when you joined them last year. We just saw Breanna Stewart. I think she agreed to blow Max money with the New York Liberty, which is the rival team. Does this signal anything to you, this money thing? Is there something going on here that we should know about? Listen, I think a lot of our earnings as WNBA players are off the court. I know a lot of my earnings, especially with television, with marketing, are off the court. And so when I choose a WNBA franchise, it has to do with being comfortable, making sure my family's taken care of, making sure that we have a practice facility, that we have, you know, treatment, and, you know, all of those things that come with being an athlete and making it better. And so I think. I hope at some point in the future that we look across the board and all twelve teams or all 1314 whatever, through expansion teams, have that available. But unfortunately, that's not the case. So I think Brianna Stewart chose, you know, chose to be comfortable, and because of that, sometimes you have to sacrifice the money that's involved with that. Thank you for being with us, Candace. A great pleasure. Thank you so much, Tony. Don't forget, Candace is the championship in our hometown. I was there for that. Don't forget that. Don't just go. That's great. Tell him. Let's take one last break. Go ahead. Listen, guys, I remember the first time I was on PTI when I was 1516 years old. So it's an honor to be on the show with you all and I watch you all every day and just keep being great. Thank you, Candace. Appreciate it. When you were 15, I was already 80. Still to come, bears GM Ryan polls addresses the possibility of trading your boy Justin Fields robot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. Where does a us women's loss in soccer leave to Mexico. Leave the US team. Yeah, Tony, we have a kick. I haven't even talked about the Justin fields thing yet. We will have to do that another time. Have you ridden an electric e bike yet? You need to check out electric e bikes today. The number one selling e bike in America. Two things stand out that bikers love about. Number one, the majority of their models come pre assembled, so you don't need to be a bike savant to ride them. Number two, electric wants to empower riders to spend more time exploring outside on their bikes, so they've made range a priority. Long range batteries allow riders to hit typically around 65 miles of range or up to 150 miles on some models. Bonus electric has purposefully priced their bikes to be affordably awesome, so you don't have to break the bank to get these sweet rides. See why people who have made the switch to electric bikes have fallen in love with biking again by visiting electricebikes.com dot. That's lectric ebikes.com. Now let's talk about the play of the week, the pressure to follow up. Hypnotic and cognac weighing heavy on the team. Hypnotic was in the cup, blue and ready for the play. And boom. Anejo Tequila came in with a smooth assist to hypnotic's tropical fruit finish. Shaken, strained, poured. It was green and good. The playmaking splash shifted the tempo. Another great cocktail from the hypnotic team. Every season is hypnotic and tequila season. Hypnotic liqueur. Bardstown, Kentucky 17% alcohol by volume. Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely, drink wisely. Happy time, people. Happy 48th birthday Tony Gonzalez, the Hall of Fame tight end for Kansas City and Atlanta, has the most receptions among tight ends in NFL history. 1325. Gonzalez is second all time among tight ends in touchdowns to Antonio Gates. Gonzalez has 111. Gonzalez also has the most receptions of all receivers in chief's history. 916 which brings us to Travis Kelsey. Kelsey already has the most receiving yards for the Chiefs, and he currently has 900 receptions with the Chiefs nine behind Gonzalez, 74 touchdown catches with the Chiefs two behind Gonzales. So Kelsey should own both those franchise records early next season. But Gonzalez has 14 Pro bowl appearances, Kelsey has nine, so that mark may be out of reach. Mike Tony, I know that people want to crown what's her name's boyfriend as the greatest titan ever, but there are people out there. You just mentioned one, and Tony Gonzalez and Kellen Winslow and John Mackey. And there's some great gates. There's some great tight ins out there. And stop with the recency bias, people. Oh, this guy's great. And he's got a famous, you know, girlfriend. He must be the greatest ever. No? Cool your jets. Let's see. Let it play out well. He's one of the greatest ever. And you know Bob Gronkowski. That's right. Happy anniversary, Alex Smith on this day eleven years ago, the 49 ers agreed to trade their former overall number one pick to Kansas City to make room for Colin Kaepernick. Five years later, the Chiefs did the same thing. They traded three time Pro bowler Smith to make room for Patrick Mahomes, who has since credited Smith with creating a culture in Kansas City that allowed him to step in seamlessly. Mister Smith went to Washington, where he started off six and three in 2018, but Smith suffered a gruesome leg injury made worse by infection. After countless operations and therapies, Smith miraculously returned nearly two full years later. He started six games. He went five and one. He was named comeback player of the year and Smith then retired in 2021. Tony, you know, as long as you and I have been doing this covering sports in our lives, we're often asked, who are your favorite athletes, who are your favorite players? And they're expecting you to say very, very famous people. And often that is the case, too. But in my case, way up at the top of the pyramid, just favorite people covered is Alex Smith. A great guy. I hate what he had to go through to the end of it. And you know what? Depending on where he was earlier in his career, there might have been a greater actual playing career. Nonetheless, one of my favorites forever. Happy trails to last night's game against Mexico. Mexico for the US women Mexico beat the United States women's national team last night for just the second time ever, winning 20 in the women's Concacaf Gold cup. The US entered the game 41 and one all time versus Mexico, the one previous loss coming in Mexico in 2010. Mexico's first goal last night was the first goal allowed by the US to Concacaf opponent in 33 games. Now, the US had already qualified to advance in the Gold cup, so this game wasn't critical, but it was played in California. And it does remind people of the US early exit in the World cup last summer. It also reminds people that the official coach of the US team, Emma Hayes, is still coaching in England. Who knows what changes she'll make when she gets here. Tony reminds people a lot of things, but how about maybe the rest of the world is getting better? How about we think of that too? That's possible. Let's go to the big finish as quickly as possible. Bears GM Ryan polls said if the Bears do trade Justin fields, he wants to do right by him and do it sooner rather than later. Your reaction? I don't have one. Ryan. Polls is supposed to say stuff like that. It doesn't matter. We get to decision making. Let me know. Shohei Otani made his spring training debut with the Dodgers today. What do you, what, what did you think? Tom struck out looking, hit into a double play, then hit a two run bomb. That's what they pay him for. Anthony Rizzo says he's over his concussion. Ready to protect Aaron. Judge your thoughts. That concussion came a long time ago. Anthony Rizzo was having a great season. Wishing him the best. I love Anthony Rizzo. Rory McElroy won ten of twelve skins to win the latest edition of the match. You watched? Were you impressed? Yeah, I watched six holes. I watched six holes. I wish they had used Charles Barkley Moore, and I wish they had played teams so we could have some trash talk. But I like night golf. I like to watch. Last one, men's college hoops. Tonight, unranked cincy at the new number one, Houston. Are you smelling upset? No, Tony. I think Houston's a worthy number one. Really, really, really, really good. We're out of time. We will try and do better the next time. I'm Tony Cornhus. And I'm Mike Wilbur. Same time tomorrow, knuckleheads. You can get the PTI podcast on the ESPN, an app or Apple podcast. Paul VI, Tony. They played great last night against my boys from Gonzaga. Hell of a game. Now here's sports center. Have you ridden an electric e bike yet? You need to check out electric e bikes today. The number one selling e bike in America. Two things stand out that bikers love about electric. Number one, the majority of their models come pre assembled, so you don't need to be a bike savant to ride them. Number two, electric wants to empower riders to spend more time exploring outside on their bikes, so they've made range a priority. Long range batteries allow riders to hit typically around 65 miles of range, or up to 150 miles on some models. Bonus electric has purposefully priced their bikes to be affordably awesome, so you don't have to break the bank to get these sweet rides. See why people who have made the switch to electric bikes have fallen in love with biking again by visiting electricebikes.com. That's lectric ebikes.com.